security.adoc: document how to get Github Auth and Swarm plugins to play together (#319)
jenkinsci/swarm-plugin: docs/security.adoc

=== GitHub Authentication plugin

With "Github Authentication Plugin" selected as the active Security Realm implementation for a Jenkins controller, it is no longer possible to authenticate the Swarm client with an account defined only locally on the Jenkins controller with a password (since the local database was no longer selected to be used for authentication), although this account is otherwise known and manageable in Jenkins UI.

As tracked in https://issues.jenkins.io/browse/JENKINS-63421[issue JENKINS-63421] currently the "GitHub Committer Authorization Strategy" delivered as an optional part of the https://plugins.jenkins.io/github-oauth/[GitHub Authentication plugin] (`github-oauth-plugin`) lacks a way to assign *Agent/...* permissions.
Due to this, you would have to define a Matrix-based or Project-based Matrix strategy as detailed above, and use the account (and group/organization) names provided and confirmed by its Authentication part as your enabled Security Realm.

> Note this can forfeit some benefits compared to native strategy provided by the plugin: it is questionable whether the matrix setup can go into such detail as `github-oauth-plugin` natively can -- e.g. considering PR authors, collaborators, contributors... as special groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This can forfeit some benefits compared to the native strategy provided by the plugin: it is questionable whether the matrix setup can go into such detail as `github-oauth-plugin` natively can, e.g. considering PR authors, collaborators, contributors, etc as special groups).
```

==== Primary setup

Swarm clients can connect to the Jenkins controller using a GitHub account, and passing the token string with one of the `-password*` CLI options for the Swarm agent JAR startup.

On the Jenkins controller side, the active authorization strategy has to be switched from "GitHub Committer Authorization Strategy" to a manually made somewhat equivalent Matrix. 
It would be statically listing names of your project's GitHub organizations and teams of admin and other accounts as groups with specific rights.

> Be sure to not lock yourself out in the process -- perhaps adding an entry for your GitHub user name explicitly, assigning all privileges to it, and applying the change as the first step.

Reviewer: The "be sure to not lock yourself out" sounds like a warning to me. Would be a good use case for an AsciiDoc "WARNING:" admonition.

Author: Gave this a shot in subsequent commits

> Finally, make that the name of GitHub account prepared for Swarm connections is granted the permissions needed for Swarm client, as detailed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, ensure that the name of GitHub account prepared for Swarm connections is granted the permissions needed for Swarm client, as detailed above.
```

Author: Um, "make sure" got lost in relocation :)

On the GitHub side, it suffices to generate a token with minimal permission set needed for authentication, per requirements of the GitHub Authentication plugin -- currently one needs to have the `read:user` and `read:org` permissions (and possibly `user:email`).

NOTE: Authentication to the GitHub API directly by password no longer works since 2020, only by tokens.

> On an upside, this allows to issue (and revoke) many tokens for many build agents using the same GitHub account, and to limit the impact of a breach using a minimally privileged token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upside is that this allows the administrator to issue (and revoke) tokens for many build agents using the same GitHub account and to limit the impact of a breach using a minimally privileged token.
```

==== Recommendations about tokens

> For easier management and revokation of tokens, take time to comment the token in the optional Note field (e.g. which team member or pre-built image is it delegated to, and when) while you are generating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For easier management and revocation of tokens, take time to comment the token in the optional Note field (e.g. which team member or pre-built image is it delegated to, and when) while you are generating it.
```

Author: I must be growing old and rusty :(
